---
layout: post
title:  "Frequently Asked Questions"
author: Jp
comments: false
featured: false
hidden: true
toc: true
---

## Are all languages supported equally well?
How well the Basic Analyzer will perform will depend on some characteristics of the language and of projects, but there are some mechanisms to mitigate the situation: The meta data generated by the Analyzer is editable by humans and the architecture will accept specific languages analyzers to be used instead of the Basic one.

## Is it possible to use it in really large code bases?
A main concern is how fast it’s going to be to interact with big projects generating large graphs. To address this problem we’ll have Web Workers or background parallel processes generating caches for the visualizations.

## How is it different from other tools?
The most similar tools I've seen are [Sourcetrail](https://www.sourcetrail.com/) and [Code Bubbles](https://youtu.be/PsPX0nElJ0k). Looset gives more importance for Code Blocks than for classes, methods or attributes, making it possible to analyze any language. It focus on big projects providing features to manage large code bases. Looset had features inspired by [Visual Studio Code Maps](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/visualstudio/modeling/map-dependencies-across-your-solutions?view=vs-2019) and [Structurizer](https://structurizr.com/), but differently it has a Label system where it frees developers from file systems that make it difficult for renaming and rearranging.

## Where's the representation of class?
If you want to nest things you want a label, the Label is an abstract concept, the Code Block is closer to the execution code, when the processor is executing your code it doesn't have nested instructions, only an instruction after another. Files, classes, packages, modules and components are just abstract concepts we create to help other humans to understand what's going on.

## Will Looset keep or share data about my code base?
No, the access to your code base is done only to generate visualization and can be done offline.

## What's your intention with the project?
To have Free Open Source tools that help developers to understand and communicate the software they work on. Also to generate enough commercial value to create products and services around it, like consultancy and customizations.

## Is it going to have an integration with editors like Visual Studio?
I'm planning to add the possibility to open a specific Code Block in external IDEs, I haven't studied the implementation details, but it would be a similar approach as seen in Sourcetrail, putting the cursor in the Code Block file and line.
